bot : Hi There! I am a medical chatbot. You can begin conversation by typing in a message and pressing enter.
user : hi
bot : - Hello. How are you feeling today?
user : i am not feeling well
bot : - okay. can you tell me what's wrong? what are your symptoms?
user : i have a fever
bot : - From how many days do you have fever? : 1) From 1 day. 2) from 2 days. 3) From 3 days.
user : from 11 days
bot : - what is your body tempareture?: 1.Low . 2.Medium. 3. High
user : high
bot : - you want to consult a Doctor immediately.
user : i have diarrhea
bot : - How many times have you had loose motion today? : 1) Less than 3. 2) More than 3. 3) Lost count.
user : less than 3
bot : - It may be mild. Drink Oral Rehydration Solution (ORS) and eat light food like rice or bananas.
user : i have a skin allergy
bot : - Do you have itching or rash? : 1) Itching. 2) Rash. 3) Both.
user : i feel dehydrated
bot : - What symptoms are you experiencing? : 1) Dry mouth. 2) Dizziness. 3) Dark urine. 4) Tiredness.
user : dry mouth
bot : - Dry mouth is a common sign of dehydration. Drink plenty of water or oral rehydration solution (ORS).
user : what is ORS
bot : - ORS is a powder mixed in water. It replaces lost fluids in diarrhea or vomiting. Sip it slowly throughout the day.
user : i have a headache
bot : - what kind of headache do you have : 1. Migrane headache - intense throbbing pain on just one side of the head. 2. Cluster headaches - severe and recurrent headaches 3. Tension Headache - Ocassional;
user : front of head
bot : - It could be due to stress or screen time. Take rest and avoid bright lights.
user : i have a tension headache
bot : - symptom noted. The cause of tension headaches is unclear, but stress, anxiety, and depression are common triggers. would you like to talk to a doctor?
user : i have back pain
bot : - Where is the pain mostly located? : 1) Lower back. 2) Middle back. 3) Upper back.
user : middle back
bot : - Avoid lifting heavy items. Maintain correct sitting posture and rest,If the pain lasts more than a week or you feel numbness or tingling in your legs.Immediately consult a doctor.
user : i have mouth ulsers
bot : - Is your cough dry or with mucus? : 1) Dry cough. 2)mucus.
